{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1049{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset204 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green77\blue187;\red155\green0\blue211;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable 
{\list\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'01\'B7;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc3\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc2\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc1\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc1\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'01\'B7;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\jclisttab\tx0}\listid1 }
{\list\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc3\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc2\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc1\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc3\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc1\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'01\'B7;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\jclisttab\tx0}\listid2 }
{\list\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'01\'B7;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc3\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc2\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc1\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc1\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'01\'B7;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\jclisttab\tx0}\listid3 }}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs36\lang9 AIMP Extensions for XSPF\par
\b\fs22 Introduction\b0\par
XSPF is the XML format for sharing playlists. Its portable, its free and its extendable. Refer to the {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.xspf.org/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.xspf.org/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  for more information. \par
XSPF supports extensions to allow applications to add special data. These extensions can appear in the playlist and track entries. Here you will find description of AIMP extensions for the XSPF file format.\par
\b\par
Extensions \par
\b0 All AIMP extensions are defined in the \cf2 xmlns:aimp="{\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.aimp.ru/playlist/ns/0/ }}{\fldrslt{http://www.aimp.ru/playlist/ns/0/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 "\cf0  namespace. Each extension marked by different \cf2 application\cf0  attribute value.\par
Now, AIMP supports for following extension entries:\par

\pard\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Inside playlist entry:\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0\u10625?\tab}\ls1\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1 Summary (\cf2 application\cf0 ="{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.aimp.ru/playlist/summary/0 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.aimp.ru/playlist/summary/0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 ")\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0\u10625?\tab}\ls1\ilvl8\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1 Settings (\cf2 application\cf0 ="{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.aimp.ru/playlist/settings/0 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.aimp.ru/playlist/settings/0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 ")\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0\u10625?\tab}\ls1\ilvl8\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Preimage (\cf2 application\cf0 ="{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.aimp.ru/playlist/preimage/0 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.aimp.ru/playlist/preimage/0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 ")\par

\pard\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Inside track entry:\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0\u10625?\tab}\ls2\ilvl8\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1 Track (\cf2 application\cf0 ="{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.aimp.ru/playlist/track/0 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.aimp.ru/playlist/track/0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 ")\par
{\listtext\f0 1\tab}Group (\cf2 application\cf0 ="{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.aimp.ru/playlist/group/0 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.aimp.ru/playlist/group/0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 ")\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\par
Summary Entry\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0 The entry provides summary information about the playlist file and its content. Content provided as key-value pairs using following schema:\par

\pard\fi426\sl276\slmult1\cf2\par
\cf0 <aimp:prop name="\cf2 Key\cf0 ">\cf3 Value\cf0 </aimp:prop>\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
Built-in keys are:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf2 ID \cf0 - (TEXT) unuquie ID of playlist \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2 Name \cf0 - (TEXT) display name of the playlist\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2 NameIsAutoSet\cf0  - (0/1) displays if the playlist name was automatically generated based on playlist content. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2 ContentDuration\cf0  - (Int64) playlist duration, in miliseconds.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2 ContentFiles\cf0  - (Int32) number of files in playlist\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2 ContentSize\cf0  - (Int64) total size of all files in playlist\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2 PlaybackCursor\cf0  - (Int32) - position of playback cursor in playback queue for the playlist. Note that playback index may differs from track index in playlist.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2\lang1033 PlaybackCursorAutoBookmark\cf0\lang9  - (Int32) - position the playing track\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2\lang1033 SortingTemplate\cf0\lang9  - template string that used to sort the track list (list of supported macros depended from AIMP version)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2\lang1033 Shuffled\cf0\lang9  - (0/1) displays if playback queue is shuffled\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2\lang1033 UserReordered\cf0\lang9  - (0/1) displays if the track list was reordered by user\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
The summary entry can contains user-provided keys. \par
The summary entry \ul MUST BE\ulnone  defined before the track list entry.\line\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\par
Settings Entry\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0 The entry contains grouping / displaying settings that has been  customized by user\b .\b0  Content provided as key-value pairs using follwing schema:\par

\pard\fi426\sl276\slmult1\cf2\par
\cf0 <aimp:prop name="\cf2 Key\cf0 ">\cf3 Value\cf0 </aimp:prop>\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
Built-in keys are:\par
\cf4\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0\u10625?\tab}\ls3\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf2 FormatMainLine \cf0 is \lang1033 template for 1st track information line in playlist\lang9\par
{\listtext\f0 1\tab}\cf2 FormatSecondLine\cf0\lang1033  is\f1\lang1049  \f0\lang1033 template for 2nd track information line in playlist\lang9\par
{\listtext\f0 2\tab}\cf2\lang1033 GroupFormatLine\cf0  is template for group names\lang9\par
{\listtext\f0 3\tab}\cf2\lang1033 Flags \cf0 - determines individual view and behavior settings of the playlist. Value is combination of following flags:\lang9\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0\u10625?\tab}\ls3\ilvl8\fi-360\li1080\sl276\slmult1\lang1033 ContinuousTrackNumeration\f1\lang1049  (\f0\lang1033 1\f1\lang1049 )\f0\lang1033\par
{\listtext\f0 1\tab}AllowGroups (2)\par
{\listtext\f0 2\tab}ShowDurationColumn (4)\par
{\listtext\f0 3\tab}ShowNumbersColumn (8)\par
{\listtext\f0 4\tab}ShowSwitchesColumn (16)\par
{\listtext\f0 5\tab}ShowSecondaryLine (32)\par
{\listtext\f0 6\tab}UseGlobalFormattingSettings (64)\par
{\listtext\f0 7\tab}UseGlobalGrouppingSettings (128)\par
{\listtext\f0 8\tab}UseGlobalLayoutSettings (256)\par
{\listtext\f0 9\tab}ShowExpandButtons (512)\par
{\listtext\f0 10\tab}ShowRating (1024)\par
{\listtext\f0 11\tab}MergeGroups (2048)\par
{\listtext\f0 12\tab}CollapseUnusedGroups (4096)\lang9\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
The summary entry can contains user-provided keys.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The summary entry \ul MUST BE\ulnone  defined before the track list entry.\line\b\par
Track Entry\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0 The track entry extension contains additional meta-information for the song. Each sub-entry is defined in \cf2 aimp\cf0  namespace using following schema:\par
\par

\pard\fi426\sl276\slmult1 <aimp:\cf2 key\cf0 >\cf3 value\cf0 </aimp:\cf2 key\cf0 >\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\lang1033 Following keys are supported now:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf2 bits\cf0  - (Int32) bits per sample (8, 16, 24, 32 and etc)\lang9\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2\lang1033 chans\cf0  - (Int32) number of channels (1, 2, 4, 6 and etc)\lang9\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2\lang1033 clipStart\cf0 /\cf2 clipFinish \cf0 - (Float) clipping bounds in seconds. Always defined in pairs. Defined for tracks splitted by time (track can be splitted using CUE, chapters, etc). In this case, result of "\cf2 clipFinish-clipStart\cf0 " expression should be equal to value of \cf2 Duration\cf0  key.\lang9\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2\lang1033 format\cf0  - (Text) user friendly file format desciption (MP3, MP4/AAC and etc).\lang9\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2\lang1033 fileURI\cf0  - (Text) native file uri in AIMP terms. \ul Omit it\ulnone  if you not sure about valid uri generation. Used by the player for performance purposes only.\lang9\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2 samplerate\cf0  - (Int32) sampling rate of audio stream in Hz. (44100, 48000 and etc).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2\lang1033 size\cf0  - (Int64) file size in bytes.\lang9\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2\lang1033 state\cf0  - (Int32) if it\lang9  set to \cf3 10\cf0 , track will be skiped during automatic switching between tracks.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2 queueIndex\cf0  - (Int32) position of track in playback queue for the playlist. Playback index may differs from track index in playlist.\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Group Entry\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0\lang1033 The entry is defined for the track that starts new group. \lang9 . Each sub-entry is defined in \cf2 aimp\cf0  namespace using following schema:\par
\par

\pard\fi426\sl276\slmult1 <aimp:\cf2 key\cf0 >\cf3 value\cf0 </aimp:\cf2 key\cf0 >\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\lang1033 Following keys are supported now:\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\cf2 title\cf0  - (Text) group's title, string.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\cf2 state\cf0  - (Int32) group's state, integer. \line 0 or empty - state is undefined, \line 1 - group is expanded, \line 2 - group is collapsed\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\lang9\par
Preimage Entry\par

\pard\sl276\slmult1\b0 The section contains preimage settings, its used for smart-playlist. Content depended from the type of specified preimage.\par
}
 